Hello!
I’m Two
And that is
Wish
My boyfriend
After we graduated, we moved in together
What you see is what you think we are, right?
But actually…
What the hell?
You snore too loud!
I was sleeping
How am I supposed to know that it’s loud?
So, I have to endure this?
Seriously?
I’m so sorry
Your mouth is so smelly. You haven’t brushed your teeth. You didn’t even take a shower
I’m not smelly
Maybe it’s because of you
Two…
Just kidding
Hello!
What’s the matter, Art?
Hello
Where are you?
We have meeting at 8 o’clock
Shit!
Shit. I slipped. I’m coming!
I’m sure you’re gonna be late!
Why is it so hard?
I can do this
I’m begging you
Great!
What the hell?
What are you doing?
Get it out!
Get what out?
This!
Turn it off!
Are you okay?
I’m fine
But your breakfast
It’s a mess
I told you
You don’t have to do anything
I’m happy as long as you’re here beside me
But I want to help
Look at me
I’m jobless
I’m so bad at doing household chores
How do you know?
Let me try this
The menu is…
Smoked omelet?
You don’t have to eat it
It’s burnt
Just throw it away
Then…
I’ll eat this burnt toast before I’m off to work
Have a good day
I forget
Bye bye
I’m so late
I’m so sorry
Is my phone screen cracked?
It’s not
Excuse me
Wait
I’m sorry!
I made it!
Two
Why are you so loud?
Sorry
Why are you still here?
I thought we have a meeting at 8.30 AM
She will be late
She already called me
She will be here soon
Why didn’t you tell me earlier?
Do you know who is our client?
Someone who wants to sell sunscreen
Why?
You should come out of your shell
All you have is work and your boyfriend
I feel so sorry for you
You should feel sorry for yourself first
You don’t have girlfriend
You don’t even have any friends
Hit me right in the feels
Right, Two
I bought snacks for you
This shop is very famous
Here
Thank you
Not for you
I’ll share with you later
Dude
Pretty Aeoy is calling me
I will go pick her up first
Don’t be late
I'll be there soon
I don’t want her to wait too long
Hello Miss Aeoy
Look at him
He flirts with everyone
But Aeoy is actually very pretty
That’s right
She is so tiny
She is hardworking too
I want to know now
What she will be like
I’m leaving first then
Keep fighting
So
Should we start?
I’m Art
I’m a copywriter
I’m Two
I’m a creative director
You!
You bumped into me this morning, right?
Yes
I’m sorry
You guys met before?
Why didn’t you tell me?
Let’s start our meeting
So, we won’t waste our time
That’s great
First thing is
This sunscreen
Who is your target audience?
Who do you think will want to buy the product?
Whoever wants it
I mean
Which target group do you particularly want to focus?
What age group? What job?
Do you actually know how to work?
It’s your job, not mine
You don’t give me any information. How am I supposed to work on this?
I think we can leave the target group issue for now
Right?
Let’s talk about the product
Could Aeoy…I mean Miss Aoey
Could you explain to us more about this sunscreen?
Yes
Hello
Hello. This is Mr. Rathavit, right?
I’m calling from Viper C company
Yes
I have received your e-mail
Are you available for the interview this Monday?
Yes. Yes
I’m available
Yes
Thank you so much
I’m angry
I’m mad!
How can a person like her become famous?
I heard about her issue before
But I didn’t think it will be this bad
Headache
Do I actually have to work with a person like her?
Come on
What can we do?
Are you going to let another team do it?
We cannot!
Think about connection we will have. Also, our profile too
She is our door to the success
We have to fight for this
Look
Look at the number of her followers
It’s hundred thousand. It will be million soon
She’s famous
We have to fight
Come on
Fine
But for now
You have to fight alone
I’m leaving
You’re ditching me?
I’m stressed
I’m leaving!
It’s me who should be stressed. Not you!
Concentrate. I need to concentrate
Who the hell…?
WEVIT: I think I will have a job soonnn
TWO: We should celebrate
WEVIT: Let’s wait. Just in case I don’t get it
TWO: If you get it, it’s good. If you don’t get it, it’s okay too
WEVIT: If I don’t get it. How can that be good?
TWO: You can be my housewife
TWO: I can take care of my boyfriend
WEVIT: You're like this again
WEVIT: I’m your boyfriend not your son
Hello
Let’s eat dinner together and celebrate
Okay
How about just eat dinner?
Do you think that’s a good idea?
I’m joking
I will try to finish my work as fast as I can and go back home right away
Bye bye…wait for me too
Gosh!
This work makes me stressed
I’ll choose this one
You should join us today
Because it’s Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday
To that extent?
If you’re that excited, then you should
Go!
I’m not going
Why not?
Let’s go together
Two…come on
You go girl. Tell him to come
I have a car. I can drive you home
Right
I have a date with my boyfriend
The end
I’m disappointed
I’m sad
I don’t care
Bye bye. See you guys
He doesn’t care…
Don’t drink and drive
I will wait until you join us someday
Of course
Because of you guys…aunties
Because of you
You guys are ugly
That’s why he doesn’t want to join us
Shut up
Let’s go
We will lose our reservation
Shit!
It’s burnt again?
Wow
What are you making?
What’s that?
Can’t you see?
It’s a fish
Let me try
Wash your hands first before eating
You’re dirty
Not that dirty
Everything that I eat will go into my stomach anyway
Wash your hand or you’re not allowed to eat
Yes sir
This is
Fish fillet with Tartar sauce
Wow
How did you know how to make it?
Where did you get the recipe?
I searched it on the internet
Try it first
Wow crispy!
I’m telling you this
You
You are a very good chef
Even though, it looks weird
But the taste is really good
Really?
Let me try
It’s actually good
You’re cute
Just eat
Stop looking
How’s work today?
Let’s not talk about that
I met my new client
She’s so annoying
She’s cruel
She talks too much and it doesn’t make sense
Why is she like that?
Is she famous?
Is she rich?
Art said she is a net idol
Her name is…
Hello everyone! Welcome back to my channel. I’m pretty Aeoy
That’s her
What the hell?
What’s wrong with you?
Why is she keep haunting me?
This is her
My new client
She’s so picky
I don’t like her
Really?
But she seems awesome
Her content is good too
Whatever
Don’t even say her name
Let’s eat
I can’t even stand hearing her name
I'm losing my appetite now
If someone says Aeoy, I’m like…
She can make the food taste really bad
You don’t trust me?
You’re overreacting
You don’t trust me
Try it
Is it good?
It’s delicious
Aeoy
I cannot swallow it
This name is haunted
You see
What’s the name again?
Aeoy
Hello
You're long gone
Stop whining
Someone just tricked me
What’s wrong?
Who tricked you?
Normally it’s you that trick other people
There’s a company that asked me to go for an interview
They actually ask me to become a salesman selling some shit or whatever
What’s that company?
Viper C something
I’m so angry. I didn’t get a job and I wasted my time for nothing
What?
Viper C
Yea. They pretend to be a graphic company. They’re actually doing direct sales
What?
Hello
Wish!
I forgot
It’s too early in the moring
You can go back to sleep
Sorry
Bye